!!!READ ME!!!

Welcome to Velocity Frequent Flyer Webpage

If you'd like to see Google API and Facebook API working,
please take a look at the uploaded join page:

http://fuadex.cba.pl

Also, after hitting Sign Up, the information from the forms...

       ...WILL BE PRINTED!...

... in the console.log

Cheers!


Index.html welcoming captions:

        1. Intro

      At first I started creating the website using multiple programs and themes
     To start off I took a look at bootstrap themes and decided to see if Adobe
     Dreamweaver could be of any use. At some point I decided to drop ball on a
     standard program and stuck with brackets (for the server feature embedded)
     and Sublime Text 2 for the actual coding and all

     Most of the code relies on html, css and bootstrap styling, however I also
     used more advanced code, usually realying on pre-searched code on a website
     called stackoverflow, so there will be occasional javascript and jquery
     implementations, perhaps JSON, but nothing more than rather that I presume

      Unfortunately facebook API and google API kind of bares from using their
      code and information, unless I introduced a specific webiste address

      For the time of development I used localhost:port, for which port dynamically
      changed and had to introduce adjacent calibrations within the facebook and
      google apps I made for the autofill forms

      I presume these codes won't work, as they require a server (for the localhost sake)
      It will however work on a FTP I uploaded the site to, which you may access at the following:

        2. ACTUAL FTP WEBSITE

              http://fuadex.cba.pl

      The website will feature ads, but you may enter it using any web browser or mobile device
      So far it worked well on number of devices and displays, hopefully I'm not the only one and
      the website will work well on your side as well

        3. Iteration

      I submitted mockups which included a general page, information page and join page and login page

      However, as the task required students to create a join page with a bit of information which would
      convice the unconvinced people, I decided to focus on the actual task presented to the students

      Furthermore I also decided to create a unified website, so there would be no juggling between sites
      with the sole exception of Terms and Conditions hotlink

      In case of the design features, the style is more or less the same as on the join page I submitted
      on the delivered mockups for assignment nr. 2, however I noticeably changed the style for instance:
      - Instead of handsketched planes and background, dominant in red colors I introduced a photo of skies
      seen from an airplane, to calm the audience and also give an idea of what it is to be flying somewhere
      - As I aforementioned, I integrated the information page with the join page, which will reveal itself
      provided the user will press the button 'Still Unconvinced?'
      - I also changed the positioning of some buttons, but it's merely a great change, especially that the
      design part and features in my opinion exponentially has improved compared to the mockups.
      - Also the entire design is responsive, with most of the features adjusting accordingly to users actions
      and/or devices the potential user might decide to take control of and enter (velocity joinpage website)

      4. Thanks for reading and hopefully you'll enjoy using this page as much as I did!